HOLD FOR RELEASE: SEARCH-1952: Update install page docs (#1714)
magento/merchdocs: src/live-search/install.md

To update Live Search, run the following from the command line:

   ```bash
   composer update magento/live-search --with-dependencies
   ```

> To update to a major version such as from 1.0.0 to 2.0.0, edit the project’s root Composer `.json` file as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update to a major version, such as from 1.0.0 to 2.0.0, edit the project’s root Composer `.json` file as follows:
```

> To update to a major version such as from 1.0.0 to 2.0.0, edit the project’s root Composer `.json` file as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update to a major version, such as from 1.0.0 to 2.0.0, edit the project’s root Composer `.json` file as follows:
```

> 1. If your currently installed `magento/live-search` version is `1.3.1` or below and you upgrading to version `2.0.0` and higher run the following command before upgrade:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If your currently installed `magento/live-search` version is `1.3.1` or below and you are upgrading to version `2.0.0` and higher, run the following command before the upgrade:
```

> 1. If your currently installed `magento/live-search` version is `1.3.1` or below and you are upgrading to version `2.0.0` and higher, run the following command before the upgrade:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If your currently installed `magento/live-search` version is `1.3.1` or below and you are upgrading to version `2.0.0` or higher, run the following command before the upgrade:
```

   ```bash
   bin/magento module:enable Magento_AdvancedSearch
   ```

>    To get information about currently installed `magento/live-search` version run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For information about the currently installed `magento/live-search` version, run the following command:
```
